MP6 TCK results (#217)
OpenLiberty/certifications: microprofile/README.md

## Steps to locally create a page of beta MicroProfile TCK results

> It is recommended to run the TCK using Semeru Certified Editions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to run the TCK using [Semeru Certified Editions](https://developer.ibm.com/languages/java/semeru-runtimes/downloads/). 
```

3. In the TCK runner test, comment out anything to do with starting and stopping the server.
    Do not change the server name in the TCK runner test - the FAT framework is still going to set up a server as usual but we do not want to start it as the tests will run on the separate server from the previous steps.

4. In the `arquillian.xml`, change the values for `wlpHome`, `serverName` and `httpPort` to match the install directory from step 1 and the server name from step 2.

5. Start the server from the command line and make sure that the JAVA_HOME is correctly set before doing this.

6. Run the TCK project from a separate command line.
    Make sure JAVA_HOME is set to the same value before doing this
    If JAVA_HOME was not set, you need to run 
    ```
    ./gradlew --stop
    ```
    for the gradle daemon to pick up the change to JAVA_HOME.

It is important to check the server logs verify that the TCK actually ran on your server. Check the `emailable-report.html` to check that your passing tests do not also report exceptions. 

### For Java 17 results

> Change your Java version to 17 before running the server before running steps 1-5. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change your Java version to 17 before running the server before running step 5. 
```
